Bonus unit 1: fix typos and improve readability (#198)
huggingface/agents-course: units/en/bonus-unit1/fine-tuning.mdx

## How do we train our model for function-calling ?

> Answer : We need **data**.

A model training can be divided into 3 steps :

1. **The model is pretrained on a large quantity of data**. The output of that step is a **pre-trained model**. For instance, [google/gemma-2-2b](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b). It's a base model and only knows how **to predict the next token without good instruction following capacities**.

2. To be useful in a chat context, the model then needs to be **fine-tuned** to follow instructions. In this step, it can be trained by the model creators, open-source community, you, or anyone. For instance, [google/gemma-2-2b-it](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b-it) is an instruct-tuned model by the Google Team behind the Gemma project.

3. The model can then be **aligned** to the creator's preference. For instance, a customer service chat model that must never be impolite to customers.

Usually a complete product like Gemini or Mistral **will go through all 3 steps**, whereas the models you can find on Hugging Face have completed one or more steps of this training.

> In this tutorial, we will build a function-calling model based on [google/gemma-2-2b-it](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b-it). We choose the fine-tuned model [google/gemma-2-2b-it](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b-it) instead of the pre-trained model [google/gemma-2-2b](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b) because the instruction-following fine-tuning it has been through is important for our use-case.

Reviewer: This paragraph switches between pre-trained and base which makes it hard to follow.
```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will build a function-calling model based on [google/gemma-2-2b-it](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b-it). We choose the fine-tuned model [google/gemma-2-2b-it](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b-it) instead of the base model [google/gemma-2-2b](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-2b) because the fine-tuned model has been improved for our use-case.
```
